So let's look at
another way you can use pipe.
And let's--let's copy this lowercase.sh script and
make it
change_extension.sh.
Let's go edit that.
OK, so we're going to change this a bit to say this
changes file extensions from py to sh.
and that './' is actually going to mess up this next command
we're going to do. So I'm going to save the output of a command: print working directory.
So this can basically--whatever folder you're in, it'll find all the files in there so we can keep this.
If it's a file, we're going to use the 'cut' command.
this time. We're going to cut on a delimiter of the period and then the second field.
So a file name has a file name, a period, and then an extension.
So if we if we were to basically cut that string on the period, you'd want to print the the second
thing on the right, which is the file extension.
So let's remove that
and then we'll just have to echo it out so we can see it
Let's print the file name here, too.
So let's go to our Documents/ and then run this.  Yup, so that looks right, tccutil.py is py
that .tex is tex-- pdf is pdf.
So that looks like that's working.
So,
now, we need to modify this so we can get the exten--we had the extension, but we need the filename
as well so we can rename it with a different extension.
So let's say "if the extension equals py"
'echo changing
extension to sh'.
And then let's make a new variable, 'fname'.
We're basically copy this, but we're going to get fname is equal to that, but this should be 1 instead.
And then you can mv the file names that we have, but give it a new name or if $fname.sh.
So,
so, the--this python file should change to a .sh file with our script.
I forgot got to close my 'if' statement here.
Yep, so there you saw it changed.
And so that worked! So you could basically go through and change any file extension to a different file
extension if you wanted with this little script.